[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're in an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Hi, Emery.
Thank you.
>> EMERY: Tim, you have a deep
knowledge from years of working
with Greys.
And in pop culture, Greys
are like the biggest thing
because it's part of alien
culture of the pop culture.
What do you think that is for?
>> TIM: See, the Greys have a
huge state that also interacts
with different star
systems, different planets.
They even take an administration
for foreign planets and star
systems.
So they have this agenda
to move everything
into a certain direction.
And while other species try
to be noninvasive with that
and keep the natural flow
and evolution of a planet,
the Greys have
this kind of belief
that it is good to
influence something
and to correct certain things.
And they also did that with
timelines on planet Earth.
>> EMERY: Well, you've
been working with Greys.
And are these the same Greys
that were in the Roswell crash?
>> TIM: Yes and no.
I think that there
are two species that
were the main players
in the Roswell event.
So on the one hand,
there is the species that
is called Ebens, as I've read.
And the other species
that possibly took action
in that incident were the Greys.
>> EMERY: How did your
relationship with the Greys
actually develop?
And when?
>> TIM: So I've years of
interactions with the Greys.
And in the first
place, it was pretty--
mhm, I was kind of
pushed in the cold water.
So that was pretty
much nothing that we
could rely on, but the--
>> EMERY: Was that like a
facility you're speaking
of or on your own in the field?
>> TIM: No, there
were direct meetings,
which I assume were set up by
the Greys because they were
interacting with people
on Earth already.
They also had a very, well,
pretty good understanding
of German languages
and earthly languages.
So what they did
was handing over
some kind of tablet
which already
had some translations in it.
But as their
language evolved far
beyond what the German
language and earthly languages
are about, there are some
words and some expressions
that just do not appear
in our vocabulary.
>> EMERY: So what did
the Greys sound like?
And what is their language?
>> TIM: Mm-hmm.
>> EMERY: And do they use some
sort of translator for that?
>> TIM: Mhm, so it's difficult
to make an impression of that,
but they have this kind of
metallic sound that they use.
But they tend to not
communicate acoustically.
They have these
kind of tablets, not
really an iPad because
I don't remember
any plastics or something.
It's mostly like some
crystalline glass.
And in one half of
the display, you
have the hieroglyphs
and the signs
that they use in
written language.
And on the other half, you have
the German translation, which
obviously comes from them.
So they analyzed
probably English as well
and mostly all the important
languages on Earth.
But at some times, like when
you use Google Translate
and it's just a little bit off.
>> EMERY: Off a little bit.
>> TIM: Yeah, and that is
because they have a much more
expanded consciousness.
And some words and
expressions just don't appear.
>> EMERY: So they
don't speak German?
>> TIM: They can speak German.
So--
>> EMERY: How?
>> TIM: For example, they
have the technology to appear
in human forms and use kind of
avatars or robotics to do that.
And then they can
speak German, but there
are small subtle
details in languages
that make the difference.
And also when you work with
a foreign force or power,
it's at some point
very important
to be very close
to the expression
and what they want to
bring into the world.
For example, one big question
is, what is their agenda?
So every word has to
be analyzed very well.
>> EMERY: And wasn't that part
of your work to work on that
translation to German?
>> TIM: Yes, it was.
So one very important thing is--
and this is a term in
governance science--
is to find out thier credo.
It's what people could call a
motto or their belief system.
This is what do they
want from Earth.
And when I was asking them,
they had three hieroglyphs
appearing on the display.
The first two were
pretty easy to translate.
It was to serve
and was to protect.
And it was the third hieroglyph
that was kind of an issue.
So we did all we can.
And I was doing all
I can to find out
and to move forward
and backwards to have
an expression that appears in
earthly languages that comes
very close to what they mean
because as you can imagine,
it's really important
for the destiny of Earth
to know what is the third
hieroglyph's meaning.
So it came into realization
that it meant to synthesize.
>> EMERY: What does synthesize
mean in that context?
>> TIM: In chemistry,
we have synthesis,
which means to extract a
piece and put it into another
substrate or into another whole.
And that is pretty
close to what they do.
They extract pieces of
a whole; of a memory
system of a collective,
for example, a planetary
collective.
They extract certain
individuals and put them
into a different system,
a different reality
in order to preserve their
kind of evolutionary path
while benefiting from that
because, as I've already
mentioned, they have
lost some kind of path,
some spiritual connection.
And what they do is to extract
other parts of the universe
and benefit from
their experience.
>> EMERY: So Tim, how
did they achieve that?
>> TIM: So for them, they were
calling it preserving the tonal
dynamics of the universe,
which means that every soul,
based on their own
individual experiences,
had a kind of
evolutionary path to it.
And there's a natural force
that, as we've already
talked about, seems to
extract souls and put them
into different experiences.
So the universe as a whole
can benefit from that.
The Greys seemed to be
the highway to that.
So what they do is they
do the calculations
and algorithm based on
what they see and know
from one individual or even a
whole collective of a planet
or even a star system.
And they build kind of new
experience so that it--
well, it benefits
the individual,
but as well as the
Greys because they
benefit from every mutual
evolution in the universe.
>> EMERY: So they would
intervene if the planet was
going to be destroyed possibly
on different timelines?
>> TIM: Yes, they have the
stocks in the Earth people,
at least, certain Earth
people, not all of them,
but some that are dedicated
to the whole of the universe.
And those are pretty
important to them.
And they will intervene
when a timeline of the Earth
would fail.
And they have done
that several times.
>> EMERY: Do you have
an example of this?
>> TIM: So see, we wouldn't be
here if they haven't done some
cleaning work on the
timeline because--
and we come to that later.
There are other species that are
also capable of time traveling,
influencing timelines.
And they might have
some different agenda
to the overall evolution
of Earth people.
So you probably know
that there appeared
a lot of UFOs in the
time when the Cold
War was pretty heavy on.
And there are timelines where,
for example, the Cuba crisis
didn't turn out that well.
>> EMERY: Are you saying
that the Cuban Missile Crisis
and the Bay of Pigs--
there was an intervention?
>> TIM: What I'm saying's that
there are several occasions
where the timeline of the Earth
could have failed in the past.
And they stepped
in and corrected it
so much that we now
are experiencing
a kind of stable timeline.
>> EMERY: What do you know
about their history and origins?
>> TIM: Well, I can tell
you what they told me.
So the Greys-- and we need
to take into consideration
that they are a
time-traveling species.
So that is very important
to understand them.
And also they appear
in different dimensions
and in different realities.
They told me what has
happened is that they have
three strains of Grey lines.
They call them--
I will translate it
as master lines, which
mean they have three parallel
Grey societies or Grey
timelines that grew from
nonexistence, from probability
of life.
And they knew outside
in a previous version
of the universe,
which is not this one.
This one is integrated
in the previous one.
They knew that they would
experience a failed master
line.
So one of the three master
lines needed to be shut down.
And their strategy was, well,
to accept that and then go on
on a successful master line
and get back and reach back
to the first one and correct it
>> EMERY: Brilliant.
>> TIM: And help it out.
Yeah, that gives them some
really great advantages
because--
>> EMERY: But they did destroy
one of those master lines to do
that, right?
>> TIM: They did.
And that has-- let's say,
two-sided sword because it
gives a species some
advantages as they are coming
from a version of
the universe that
has more-- a
different perspective
and more and different
experiences than the one
we have here.
But it also means that there is
a lot of turbulence and trauma
inside of the Greys and
inside of the lineage
that makes communication and
dealing with them sometimes
challenging.
>> EMERY: Well, I'm sure
they threw it out of balance,
for sure.
>> TIM: Yes, it's like
PTSD on a collective level.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
>> TIM: And let me add this
too because what I found pretty
interesting is that the Greys
communicated and said that they
think they are the
creators of humanity.
So to put it in some
kind of physical terms,
they kind of created
this Fibonacci code
in which you have a one which
duplicates to another one.
And then the code starts.
And they're thinking the way
they created this experience we
now are experiencing
because as you already said,
they are inter-dimensional.
They are inter-frequentional.
They are even a
time-traveling species.
So they appear everywhere.
And that's also
what they want to do
and what their agenda
and endgame is.
>> EMERY: In all
their advancements,
did you come across any
weaknesses that they had?
>> TIM: I don't usually like
to think in terms of weaknesses
because as we already agreed
on, that's nothing good or bad.
But what makes their
reality really challenging
to themselves is that
in a previous version
of the universe, they
have come to a dead end,
which means that they reached
level 6 consciousness.
And they are really,
really mental species.
So they experienced
the whole universe just
as a intellectual
mental concept.
And as well, they
needed to reach out
to one of their lineages and
lines in order to shut it down.
And that's inside
of their thinking.
And they need this experience
in order to heal themselves.
So one thing that could
happen and which has happened
and which is kind of
a pity in the way when
we have conversation with them
is as they are very mental
and also psychic evolved and
they oversee time lineages
and timelines, they sometimes
realize thoughts, for example,
of humans, which are not
accordingly to their behavior.
This is something very
special to humans.
It's just the way the
system is structured,
which has led them apart
from being cohesive
with thoughts and actions.
A lot of humans act differently
in a behavior matter,
but have all these kind
of different thoughts
in their minds.
Like, you see a group of women
that are like, hey, Sarah, hi.
It's so good to see you.
But in their minds, they're
thinking, oh, I don't like her.
Look at her nails or something.
>> EMERY: Mm-hmm.
>> TIM: And the
Greys realize that.
They see that.
They sense that.
And because they have reached
out to their own master line
in order to shut
it down, they are
pretty sensitive to betrayal.
And they overreact to that.
And that is something to always
keep in mind when you're acting
and interacting with a Grey.
>> EMERY: How far back in
history do you know about
the Greys?
>> TIM: So as they are a
time-traveling species,
they can go back and forth.
This is something that
happens when you're
in level 4 consciousness,
when you realize that time
is another kind of dimension.
That makes it
pretty easy for them
to reach back into history.
And what they told me is that
even though they were not
the builders of the Great
Pyramid in Giza, a lot of sites
are oriented towards
the Orion star system.
And that is where they used to
have those bases and planetary
systems where they evolved.
So you can see that there is
a long history of the Greys,
probably thousands of years
reaching back in human time
where they interacted
with the human species.
>> EMERY: In what way do
they influence humankind?
>> TIM: We know that we have
about 12 manipulative species
that have influenced the
genetics of people on Earth
in some way or another.
The Greys were one of them.
So obviously they have
influenced the genetics.
One thing that I found
pretty astonishing
was that they think that they
are the fathers of mankind.
Besides that, we
find a lot of sites
on this planet that are oriented
towards the Orion star system.
And one thing the Greys
have developed very strongly
is a special kind of
economical system.
They have developed their
system towards the success
of their evolution.
But we also find
that humans have
this tendency towards trade
and towards economics.
And as you probably
know, a lot of sites
on this planet like
the World Trade Center
and some other economically
related buildings--
they all are related to
the star system of Orion.
So that might give you a hint.
Other than that, the Greys
have this governmental system.
They have a hierarchy.
They have elite-based system.
And this is something we
also find on this planet.
>> EMERY: Some people will say
that the Greys are biological
androids.
What do you think about that?
>> TIM: The puppets--
so, the small Greys
that we're talking about
and what people observe a lot.
Those are some kind of
fabricated material or bodies.
They have those kind of
fibers that they put together
to create them.
And the interesting
thing is that
every individual
consciousness unit
inside of the
system of the Greys
can use their credits that
they earn on missions to rent
or to have one of those bodies.
And if one gets destroyed,
you can have another one.
And interestingly
enough, they're
offering those bodies to, like,
everyone in the star system
and in the universe.
You can have one if
you want, but then you
get into a contract
with the Greys.
>> EMERY: Oh, I see.
Do they come with a warranty?
>> TIM: That's a great question.
I love it.
Maybe, I don't know.
>> EMERY: Could you explain to
me how would you get a contract
for those little guys?
>> TIM: So in the universe, we
always have this triad model
of a consciousness-- a
mind, a body, and a soul.
And the body does not have
to be a biological body.
It could also be
an artificial body.
Once the awareness, the
consciousness leaves the body,
then you can easily
integrate soul and mind
into another bodily form.
What the Greys do-- they
produce all these fiber
and superficial
bodies that they use.
And once you commit
yourself to the Grey system,
you can, like,
order one of those.
They have this kind of
internet where they are all
connected together.
And as well as soul and
mind gets integrated
in this artificial body.
For example, you even
could have another puppet
or another puppet.
So that you have three bodies.
The consciousness they have
and the capacity of their minds
is so big that they can control
two or three of the puppets.
>> EMERY: I heard also they
can send them out to do other
things.
Is that true?
>> TIM: That is true.
And you also can have
a craft for your own.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> TIM: Yeah, which
is also connected
to your consciousness.
And so you ask me
for a warranty.
If things break, then
they need to be replaced.
And that's the credit
you earn on missions for.
And the interesting thing
is that through that system,
they preserve the possibility
to succeed in their timeline
and in their evolution because
the greater the mission,
the more credits the
individual earns.
And the more credits
the individual has,
the more technology it can use,
the more successful it gets.
It adds up on it until
we have one master line.
And then they are so
powerful that they
use this hierarchy to give it
down in a pyramid structure.
>> EMERY: What is the current
involvement of the Greys
on Earth?
>> TIM: So I already told you
that they have their stocks
inside of humanity.
They have hybrids here.
They have people here
that are either now
or in the future willing
to dedicate themselves
for the overall
evolution of the world.
So that is important to them.
I wouldn't say-- and
they made it pretty
clearly that they do not have
an interest in the planet
as a planet, as a life sphere.
They do not naturally care for
the population or something.
It's not that they touch
them or do them bad.
But if an individual
keeps their free will
to become a failed
timeline, they
will not step in and
prevent that because they
have this empathy about them.
They have some stocks here, some
individuals and some things,
some probabilities
where they know
they need them to
succeed and to move
the universe into a direction
where it harmoniously
works out.
And once they did so, they
will also shift to level 7.
The master line will
shift to level 7.
And then one last
time, they will
delete the other timelines.
>> EMERY: You said
they have hybrids here.
Do they look fully human?
And what's their objective here?
>> TIM: Yeah, so what
I've read in pop culture--
there's something which
is called a tall white.
And the tall
whites-- for example,
they are one of the hybrids
the Greys put on Earth.
Why do they put them on
Earth is to get into contact
with the Earth species.
So as I've said, there was some
turbulences before and too much
outside influence.
So some higher
influential beings
decided to put some
kind of ban on the Earth
to keep outside forces
away from Earth.
And there were and there
are influential and invasive
species that found their
way through them that--
and the Greys did that
as well, for example,
by creating hybrids,
these tall white beings.
They can have, for
example, a humanoid body,
which is pretty similar
to an earthly body.
But they will have these typical
grayish heads, for example,
with the large eyes.
That could be a
hybrid of the Greys.
>> EMERY: What's your opinion
based on your relationship with
them?
>> TIM: Media appearance and
the depiction of the Greys
in mainstream media--
this is one thing
because we all know
that there was a lot
of effort to put fear
into the overall
non-terrestrial phenomenon.
This is one thing.
The other thing is--
and yes, this is true.
They are an invasive species.
And they can be quite
tricky at some times.
Invasive doesn't mean
that they invade planets,
and they made that pretty clear.
But they kind of step over
certain barriers and boundaries
that at least human
people naturally feel.
But that also has to do with
the way they perceive time
because see, they are a
time-traveling species.
They respect the free
will because they need to.
And this is one regulation
of the rules the Greys have,
that they respect the free will.
If somebody repeatedly
says that they do not
want to have something to do
with them, they respect that.
But if somebody on,
like, planet Earth
is pretty important to them
or has a very high potential
and probability to be
beneficial for them,
they will kind of find
some way around that.
As they are a
time-traveling species,
they can base their
decision to, for example,
interact with somebody upon a
willing decision that somebody
takes in 1,000 years.
So if somebody is
dedicated to the Greys
in another lifetime
and thousands of years,
they can take that
as an act of free
will in order to reach out
to them now, which of course,
might create the timeline
that leads to the point
where somebody interacts
with them willingly.
>> EMERY: Interesting.
Some people think that they
are just us from the future.
What's your thoughts on that?
>> TIM: Well, I think that can
make sense in some kind of way
because as they are a
time-traveling species and they
are going back and forth inside
of the dimension of time,
they in some kind are humans
in the future and other species
as well because
they are collective,
a superficial collective.
And so I'm quoting them when
I say that they kind of use
the pyramids, which are directed
to the Orion star system,
in order to have people from
the past lay into those chambers
and extract their consciousness
and their souls in order to A,
have a connection
to Earth people,
which is very important to
their rules because you cannot
influence the system where do
not have some kind of genetics
in there.
And B, have those
Earth people inside
of the Grey system giving
them artificial bodies
and having them
interact with the Earth
and reaching back to them.
This is probably why
people are thinking
that in some kind of way the
non-terrestrials from that time
would come back in another time.
>> EMERY: And maybe try
to fix that timeline.
>> TIM: Absolutely, yes.
>> EMERY: Or delete it.
>> TIM: The ultimate way.
Yeah, they want
to come to a point
where everything
else is obsolete,
so we live in a harmonious
unified universe
where we do not need the
dualistic timeline anymore.
And they will reach out to that.
>> EMERY: Many extraterrestrial
species are developed versions
of animals that we
see here on Earth.
Do the Greys resemble
any known species?
>> TIM: If I had to find a life
form that resembles the Greys,
the best I would say is a
virus or maybe even the patch.
If you think about a computer,
you put it into a patch
in order to upgrade or update a
system without destructing it.
>> EMERY: So you're saying
that the patch, when put in--
and this is just
hypothetically speaking--
when that is put in to
a biological system,
the entire species
gets to download.
>> TIM: Well, what we see
naturally is that the universe
tends to go in cycles, which
if you're thinking about
the Vedas, you have
this Shiva, Vishnu,
and Brahma concept where
destruction is a part
of everything.
But as we've
learned, destructing
a timeline is something the
Greys already have experienced.
And they try to heal that.
So what they want to do is to
find a way to do it on the fly,
to find a way to upgrade
the universe without it
going in cycles and
re-destructing itself
because that is when
the universe loses
a lot of the memory it has
obtained in the first place.
>> EMERY: Amazing
information, Tim.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>> TIM: It's a pleasure, Emery.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>> EMERY: Do you believe the
Greys have manipulated our DNA?
>> TIM: I know they have.
They have taken a species
that they found appropriate
on this planet.
And they have infused their
own genetics into that.
We know that there are
about 12 species that
have influences on the
genetics of human life forms.